DOC Updated search filter modifiers documentation (#9363)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/00_Model/06_SearchFilters.md

# SearchFilter Modifiers

> The `filter` and `exclude` operations specify exact matches by default. However, for `DataList` there are a number of suffixes that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `filter` and `exclude` operations specify exact matches by default. However, when filtering `DataList`s, there are a number of suffixes that
```

Author: Thanks @Cheddam, PR is updated with your suggested change. (I did amend the previous commit)
